El Samuko's GIMP scripts

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

copyright:elsamuko-antique-border.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-che-guevara.scm: Copyright (C) 2009 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-cyanotype.scm: Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-difference-layers.scm: Copyright (C) 2009 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-escape-lines.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-grain.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-lomo.scm: Copyright (C) 2005 Francois Le Lay <mfworx@gmail.com>
copyright:elsamuko-movie-300.scm: Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-national-geographic-batch.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-national-geographic.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-obama-hope.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-photo-border.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-photochrom.scm: Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-rainy-landscape.scm: Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-slide-with-sprockets.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-sunny-landscape.scm: Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-technicolor-2-color.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:elsamuko-technicolor-3-color.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
copyright:mm1-vintage-look.scm: Copyright (C) 2008 Michael Maier info[at]mmip.net
elsamuko-antique-border.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-antique-border.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-che-guevara.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-che-guevara.scm:; Copyright (C) 2009 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-color-tint.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-color-tint.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-cyanotype.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-cyanotype.scm:; Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-difference-layers.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-difference-layers.scm:; Copyright (C) 2009 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-error-level-analysis.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-error-level-analysis.scm:; Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-escape-lines.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-escape-lines.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-glass-displacement.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-glass-displacement.scm:; Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-grain.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-grain.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-lomo-batch.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-lomo-batch.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-lomo.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-lomo.scm:; Copyright (C) 2005 Francois Le Lay <mfworx@gmail.com>
elsamuko-movie-300.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-movie-300.scm:; Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-national-geographic-batch.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-national-geographic-batch.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-national-geographic.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-national-geographic.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-obama-hope.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-obama-hope.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-photo-border.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-photo-border.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-photochrom-batch.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-photochrom-batch.scm:; Copyright (C) 2011 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-photochrom.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-photochrom.scm:; Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-rainy-landscape.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-rainy-landscape.scm:; Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-slide-with-sprockets.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-slide-with-sprockets.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-sunny-landscape.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-sunny-landscape.scm:; Copyright (C) 2010 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-technicolor-2-color-batch.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-technicolor-2-color-batch.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-technicolor-2-color.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-technicolor-2-color.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-technicolor-3-color.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-technicolor-3-color.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
elsamuko-wb-puzzle.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
elsamuko-wb-puzzle.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 elsamuko <elsamuko@web.de>
mm1-vintage-look.scm:; Copyright (C) 1995 Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis
mm1-vintage-look.scm:; Copyright (C) 2008 Michael Maier info[at]mmip.net
tuxcomputers-split-tone.scm:; Copyright (C) 2007 Harry Phillips <script-fu@tux.com.au>

